<h1>Chapter 16: A Certain Individual's Dream</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">[TL/ED Note: In Chapter 14 we had that the festival was the 100th year’s celebration, but it turns out it’s actually the 1000th year. This has been corrected.]</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The days before the Founding Festival flew by quickly. During this time, the commercial district came alive with the bustle of people preparing food and setting up stalls and tents. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">This year marked the 1,000th anniversary, so the citizens were especially enthusiastic. At least I assumed so, given that I had never seen any of the previous years’ festivals.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Of course, they weren’t the only ones getting ready for the coming celebration. The court magicians, knights, and various other court officials all had their schedules full with countless tasks: maintaining logistics for guests, taking preemptive countermeasures in case of a security failure, preparing to host foreign VIPs, and escorting the royal family, to name a few.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The festival hadn’t even started, yet exhausted faces were everywhere.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">These past few days were intense for me, too.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize! Go to Central Square in half an hour and shut down the stalls listed here that haven’t been permitted to operate. You have permission to use force.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I don’t need that kind of permission, I’ll just warn them!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Hey, Raize, I saw an adult Hippogriff flying just now. It might be dangerous if it comes down, so do you think you could get it from here?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Can’t you see how busy I am? You do it, Elt-san.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’re the long-distance snipe monster, you do it.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’ve half a mind to punch you ‘accidentally’…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize, I’m going to take a nap. Wake me up in five hours, exactly. If you’re off by even a little bit, I’ll collapse the ground beneath you.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Arina-san, you have work to do! Now’s not the time!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Etcetera, etcetera.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was exhausted from being overworked everyday by my boss and seniors and even other departments. Wasn’t my job supposed to be just protecting the princess from the shadows? My to-do list was increasing everyday.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Because of this, I haven’t been able to think about the conversation I heard the other day. Court magicians were disappearing, but apart from Milena-san’s confirmation, I didn’t know much else. Apparently she had received an order to put the Founding Festival first.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was a bit surprised that they prioritized the celebration over human lives, but I sort of understood now that I had actually participated in the preparation. I had no time to spare thinking about it. A few people were sent to investigate, but any more and the aristocrats would be throwing a fit.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">And if you think about what the general population cares about, the answer should be obvious.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">What’s more important to most people: the whereabouts of a few magicians or the annual celebration of the kingdom’s founding? The latter, of course. The former doesn’t concern them at all.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">And although it concerned me, I had far too many other things to think about. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Well, if something ends up happening, I’ll deal with it then.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My break time was just about coming to an end. My communication stone was shining, prompting me to get back to work. That couldn’t have been more than three minutes…</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why can’t I be done already?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">With a sigh, I made my way back to the hellscape that was festival preparations.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Two more days passed, and soon enough it was the day of the Founding Festival—a day to celebrate the anniversary of the founding of the kingdom.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">◇</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was dreaming.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">It was a recurring dream, one that I remember quite often.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“──”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I trembled with fear in the middle of the forest path, dim in the early morning light.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Come back into the carriage, Princess!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">A knight turned around, fearing for my safety—and was immediately mauled by more than a dozen demons jumping out from the shadows. He lost consciousness in a heartbeat, and all I could think about was the fact that </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">he did it to protect me</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400">—</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Oh my God! These demons are too strong!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Endure it! Do something, even if you can only stand in front of the princess!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The few remaining knights stood firm to protect me, at the risk of their own lives. They wiped their foreheads, smearing blood on some, and gripped their swords.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">All I could do was stand there with an overwhelming sense of guilt.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I’m just the princess of some country. I have nothing. But they… they have a noble spirit and an unwavering heart. They have so much to live for.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Someone… help them.”</span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry for not being able to do anything.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I begged for help that would never come. Instead, the only things that came were the anguished yells coming from the knights struggling in front of me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My eyes locked on the grotesquely bent arm of one knight knocked down by a demon. The white of bone was clearly visible piercing through the arm’s flesh.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Yet, he stood back up. Even with a wound that made me wince and want to avert my eyes, the knight was still trying to protect me. His chivalrous spirit was admirable. It was everything I wished I had at the moment.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I wanted to run, but I couldn’t move my legs. I wanted to fight, but I was weak. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Why? Why? Why?</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Ah, ah, ah, aah—“</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Crushed by remorse, tears welled up in my eyes.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Princess, look out!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I turned at the voice, and a winged demon descended from the sky and bared its fangs at me. It was after me—its prey.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">…It seemed that I was going to be a worthless princess until the very end.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I relaxed my shoulders, accepting my inevitable death.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">At that moment, lightning engulfed the head of the beast and it fell to the ground, dead.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The knights and I could only watch in surprise as the remaining demons around us were struck down by bolts of lightning, one after another. Not a single one missed its target.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In no time, the horde was gone. The knights sat down in fatigue and the magician with us began healing the numerous wounds among them.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Normally, you would run to your savior to thank them and apologize. But I had to use visual enhancement to see where the lightning had come from.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">A few seconds later, I saw—</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The sun shone through the gaps in the curtains, and I emerged from my dream.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was no longer in the forest, but in my private room in the royal palace. The morning light reflected from the polished furniture and onto my luxurious bed.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The time… My goodness, I slept in a little.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Today was the Founding Festival, so royal officials would be very busy. That includes me, of course.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Oh, I still had to think about the royal speech I would be giving this evening.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I got out of bed, walked to the window, and fully opened the curtains.</span></p>
</div>