<h1>Chapter 17: When I Grow Up, I'd Like To Become A Decent Person</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…I’m tired.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I croaked out my first two words of the day.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was both mentally and physically exhausted from all the work I had yesterday, what with my given job and all the other extraneous tasks my seniors had me do for them.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">It was different from the time I learned Her Highness’s name. This was just overwork. Rest assured I’ll be fighting for overtime pay.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Even after washing my face, it was painfully obvious that I wasn’t in my best condition. I had no dark circles under my eyes, but I could still see in the mirror just how tired I was. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I combed down my bedhead and changed into my uniform, choosing not to prepare breakfast today. I wasn’t in the mood to eat.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">After making myself presentable, I left my house and walked down the main street of the capital. The cloudless sky was a vivid blue, and flashily decorated shops lined the street. It seemed that everyone was looking forward to a busy day of celebration. The past few days were an event all on their own, but today was when they would see their efforts pay off. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Some stalls were preparing food and others were inflating balloons. I took in the sights as I made my way to the royal palace.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My mission today was important: to protect the princess. I had contemplated educating the main guard in real combat, but decided not to. Two days wasn’t enough to learn anything useful. And my job was a support role, anyways.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’re always early, aren’t you?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Elt-san…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Patting my shoulder (with his strength, it was closer to a slap) was my senior, Elt-san. He was dressed in his magic robe and his red hair stood out as always.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">At a glance everything seemed normal, but looking closer, he seemed under the weather. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You didn’t get enough sleep?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, it gets like this every year.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">There were prominent circles under his eyes, and his right eye was visibly bloodshot. That, along with his sunken cheeks, gave the impression that he was ten years older than he really was. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Is this what happens every year?</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400"> He looked like he couldn’t even stand straight… If I didn’t know any better, I would have believed that he was the drunkard I saw in the tavern yesterday who challenged the barkeep and went five rounds.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“So, are you all right?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Oh, it’s no problem… just a hangover.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“So it was you!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">To clarify, the man didn’t just have five drinks. He challenged five people to drinking rounds, and I know this because after going against the barkeep he proudly proclaimed that it was his fifth win. Disgusting.</span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">What are you doing the day before the Founding Festival?</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize, you’ll find out when you grow up…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Please don’t taint my vision of the future… I feel like throwing up just looking at you. Is this what you meant by ‘it’s like this every year’? You weren’t talking about the overwork?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, I was working…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Oh, get off!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I shifted myself away from Elt-san, who was trying to lean on me. He didn’t reek of alcohol, but I couldn’t be sure that he wouldn’t puke all over me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Now that I think about it, isn’t your home in a different direction? Where did you come from?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“If I was at home… I would have overslept.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’re saying you stayed up all night? I hope your hangover lasts extra long today.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You… since when were you so harsh on me?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Seeing such a terrible adult would put off anyone.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The royal palace was right in front of us.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I just wanted to hole up in my office for the rest of the day.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You, too!?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Stepping into the common room, I was greeted by the sight of Milena-san pale-faced and collapsed on a sofa, with Arina-san in a similar state across from her. Between them sat no less than ten bottles of wine. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Ah… good morning, both of you. It really is a good morning…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It looks to me like the worst morning of your life, if I’m being honest with you!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize… you’re noisy. I’m going to throw up…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why is everyone drinking to the point of being hungover… and also, shouldn’t today be the day you drink? Why did you go all out yesterday?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Drinking on the night of the Founding Festival is understandable. It’s just participating in the festivities, after all. But the day before… What about your security jobs!?</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Milena-san raised herself with some effort and cradled her head in her hands.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“We’re off today…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What? No, you guys have to patrol the area, right?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Somehow, they let us off. They’re sending some of the royal guards instead.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“So I drank all night… and here we are. I usually drink after it’s over, but this year it should be fine.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Is that so?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I sort of understood. Elt-san, on the other hand, could not be forgiven. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">It’s different when you do this every year. No excuses.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was staring at Arina-san when she suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me in.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Uhh, what’s wrong?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“……“</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What is it?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">When I asked her again, she gripped my arm even harder and looked at me with a dying face.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Headache pills… Bring me some.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’re supposed to take Eastern medicine for hangovers, not headache pills. Both of you.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Their eyes begged me for help, and my sense of pity won out. Grumbling complaints under my breath, I went to the medicine cabinet in my office to look for the medicine they needed.</span></p>
</div>