<h1>Chapter 26: The Stone Is Struck By The Vindictive Who Persists To The End</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“… Huh!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I jumped and avoided the approaching torrent of light. However, I didn’t end up landing on the roof, but on the stone paving far below.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I immediately applied shock-resistant magic to my legs to soften the impact.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Well, it’s still painful anyway. Even if it’s mitigated, there’s still some impact. And it certainly resonates with the wound.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I checked the surroundings. This place is… good.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I seem to have lost more blood than I thought, and I feel weak.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize-sama!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Her Highness collapsed on the spot and called out anxiously to me, as I leaned my back against the wall of the house. Well, I’m not the one she should worry about… but it isn’t impossible, right?</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Everyone would be worried when they see such a bloody and wounded person. So will I.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Your Highness, it’s all right, don’t worry. I’m still alive.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You don’t look all right!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She casted a healing spell on me in a hurry. But what matters now is the amount of blood in the body. Even if the wound is sealed by healing magic, the lost blood will not be restored. It may reduce further bleeding, but will not recover any lost blood.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">But it’s much better than nothing… Now I can concentrate on my last blow!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Finger Light Bullet.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">A number of conical lights flew toward Arsenas, who gracefully descended to the ground. It went straight to his heart, since he is distracted by the shock of the fall. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’re clever.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">He easily struck them off with a sword. At the same time, Arsenas stepped up forcefully and thrust his sword into my stomach.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Ah…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I can feel air gushing out of my throat. The pain spreads throughout my body, and the affected area becomes unusually hot. My vision is getting blurred. I lost even more of my already lessened blood. No wonder.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Her Highness’ screams reach my ears.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize-sama!! Stop it now, Arsenas!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Your Highness, this is a battle. There is no mercy.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My abdomen which is stabbed mercilessly is now overflowing with blood. I feel weak and tired. Even though I’m alive… I feel like I’m half dead. I’ll have to cover the wound little by little so that I won’t die fast.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I guess it’s the first time I’ve been hurt so much. But it can’t be helped. This is my job.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Now, Your Highness, there’s no one in the way. I’ll take you with me.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Perhaps he thought I was dead, but Arsenas turned to her and held out his hand.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">But the princess glared back at him with sharp eyes.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Arsenas… why are you doing this?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arsenas put his hand on his chin and thought for a moment, then smiled and opened his mouth.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Possession magic, Your Highness.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I… No, my Lord wants the magic formula of your Mind’s Eye Apperception. I’m just carrying out my mission to fulfill their wishes.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Lord? He? What are you talking about, Ar? And what’s that pattern on your body?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Pattern? How did Your Highness know it? That’s something you shouldn’t know…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">It’s abnormal. It’s obviously getting weird.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">As soon as Arsenas began to tell her why he was aiming for Her Highness, he looked as lifeless as those zombies, and an eerie black pattern appeared on his neck hidden in his clothes, crawling down his face. I think that’s a magic formula… I’ve never seen it before, but it’s probably so.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">And it’s confirmed.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arsenas, just like the others, is manipulated. He is unaware of his own physical changes and merely moves to accomplish his commanded purpose.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">What bothered me was the purpose of all this. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The aim is possession magic.There is someone called the Lord behind it. Arsenas words suggest that there are more than one of them.There’s a lot to think about… </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Ugh, ack.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Still alive…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">He walked toward me again with his sword.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Too bad, a hole in your stomach alone can’t seem to stop you.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, I’m dying enough.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">He grabbed me by the collar, put his sword to my neck, and cut my collar.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My white skin is revealed and the magical formula of Pledge Geass on me could be seen. At the sight of it flashing faintly and truly, Arsenas frowned, and Her Highness pressed her mouth and opened her eyes wide.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“This is… a magic formula of oath, but I’ve never seen it before. What’s engraved on it?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“… I don’t want to answer…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’m curious, but it’s okay.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">He let go of my collar and I fell on my back. The wound in my abdomen gave rise to tremendous pain.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">No, that’s far from it now. If I do nothing, my neck will be cut off. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">While I was thinking, I heard Her Highness scream again.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Oh, my God! Stop it! You’re gonna kill him!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’m sorry, Your Highness. He is my enemy. The one that loses the fight, dies.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Her Highness collapsed to her knees on the spot, and began to mutter something, with large tears in her eyes. The look on her face was tragic.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The moment I saw her, I felt something very hot coming into my mind.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The sensation is also felt in my neck. Then there was numbness as if an electric current was being passed into me. But it doesn’t feel bad, it feels like something will come to life…</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">When I saw Her Highness crying again, I realized the change.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Her silver eyes turned blue, as her eyes got activated while her brilliance increased. At the same time, something came to my mind… </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">But before I was surprised at the change, I thought.</span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Oh, I can’t believe I’m making myself look like this, I’m a bad magician.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arsenas smiled with conviction of victory, lifted the sword on my neck, and prepared to swing it down.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Nooooooo!!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">A mournful cry.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Certainly in a few moments, the scene where my head is flying will become a reality… if I didn’t do anything.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s all right, Your Highness… no, Richena. I’ve already laid the foundation.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I said so, and Arsenas frowned suspiciously just as the light passed.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Gua… ugh!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Fresh blood flying in the air. I hit it.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arsenas drops his swinging sword and turns around in the direction of the air that has just opened a hole in his arm. He opened his eyes in astonishment.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“This!”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Did I use magic only to hit you in a straight line without thinking? That’s not the case, is it?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">What I was looking at was the magic I used earlier, which froze the wall of a house with ice crystals. In addition, it’s a finger light bullet that I fired in rapid succession and he countered!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I froze and fixed my bent legs to jump away. I won’t miss it.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You said it, didn’t you? That you fight in the best way according to the situation and place. It doesn’t seem to apply to you…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, you idiot… I can do that.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Unfortunately…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I got up and stuck out my tongue with my thumb down. It’s childish, but forgive me this once.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Because I had just won the battle of my life.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“The opponent was bad. I’m a sniper, who wields magic in any situation or terrain.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">A number of light bullets reflecting from the ice mirror attacked Arsenas, who had become defenseless.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was precise, but I aimed to strike at non vital points. He dropped his sword and couldn’t escape.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I can relax my mind because I have won, I’m sure my opponent can’t do anything anymore. He was attacked at the speed of light from an unexpected location. There’s no way to prevent it!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Ack – haa”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arsenas was punctured, vomited blood, fell down, and was unable to move.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I also feel like lying down like that… </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">No, I have to lie down and rest. But that’s going to be a little later.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I have to comfort Richena who ran up to me and hugged me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“… I’m… hoo… okay… Are you okay…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’m sorry. It’s more difficult than I thought. I made you worry.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I kept patting her head. I’m worried that her clothes might get dirty with my blood… but if I ask her to leave here, she’ll get angry. It’s almost time for the royal family to start speaking, so I have to go to the royal palace as soon as possible. I have to treat my wound, or rather worse. The place where I was stabbed is vital, and I can still see the bleeding even though it has subsided a lot from other cuts. My skin is paler than usual.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“First of all, heal the wound with healing magic…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">When I put my hand on the wound in my abdomen and tried to give it a simple treatment, a warm light enveloped my whole body.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">This… They came earlier than I expected.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Oh, you’re just right on time. Milena-san, I was just dying.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What are you trying to die for? There’s still a lot of work to do.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“No, please worry a little.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Yes, I was worried. Our workload will increase.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">That’s terrible. I can’t believe this reaction when you see your injured subordinates… Is it really a wrong choice to get this job? I’d appreciate it if you could heal my wound.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">But, it’s great to be free of pain. Finally… </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“But I honestly admire you for completing your mission. Well done.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Thank you very much. Milena-san’s coming here means that it’s over now. Have the zombie soldiers been cleared up?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400"> </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Yes, almost. Elto-san and Arina-san cleaned it up in about 3 minutes. Including the ambush that was planned in the alleys of the city.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You finish work too early…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">It would have been better if either of them had escorted her, not me. They will probably take 2 minutes to finish Arsenas at most.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, I’ll send Her Highness to the Royal Palace, and it’ll be over. Right, it’s finally over. I’ll go home early and have some tea — “</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I said almost, right?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Is there anything left?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Rather than anything left…you could say that there was a new problem.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">New problem… zombie soldiers sprang up again? Then, leave it to those two… I thought, but Milena-san crossed her arms and ordered me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s an additional mission. You’re going to kill the dangerous species that appeared in the south of the royal capital – Ortros. There is no veto. You have to clean it up in less than a few minutes, can you?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“… Yes.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Please refer to the dictionary for tyranny, chief.</span></p>
</div>