<h1>Chapter 4: The Work Of A Court Magician</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Having a conversation with a princess doesn’t change your everyday life.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">I still had to wake up early, go to my office, and work everyday. Most of my job involved preparing and organizing documents, so I rarely went out to do anything hands-on. We were no longer in a time of war, after all.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s so different from how people portray it.” </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">I grumbled. It was a far cry from what I had imagined before becoming a court magician.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">In my head, magicians dressed in brilliant robes strutted around the royal palace in a dignified manner, and whenever the country was in danger, they rushed forward to save the day. My colleagues were top-notch magicians and great role models, both noble and admirable.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">But reality was different.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">We organized documents for meetings, maintained public order by patrolling the royal capital, and conducted magic combat drills to prepare us for emergencies. That was about it.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Most of my fellow magicians looked tired, sleepy, and unhealthy as they trudged along in the palace. Sometimes they seemed like they were about to collapse. It was worrying. Some questioned whether or not I was good enough to follow in their footsteps, but most people treated me kindly, probably because I was the youngest and unintimidating. I think.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The sun was a little west of its noon peak, and I was at a training ground in the western area of the royal palace with Elt-san, a senior in my department. He wore a magic robe, his work uniform, and pointed a red wand toward the sky.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Fire Attribute Mid-Range Advanced Magic—Flame Dragon.</span></i></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Even in the royal capital, only the best magicians could use this magic. The flame dragon ascended high into the sky and exploded into a gust of hot air. The power, speed, and amount of magic were all superb.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I expected no less, Elt-san.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Everyone in our department can do magic like this.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">While combing his fingers through his short crimson hair, Elt-san brought a water flask to his mouth. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">He could use advanced magic of this level… </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">That’s a court magician for you.</span></i></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“People in our department are really skilled at magic.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Rather, there’s no way anyone who’s below average would be hired. I usually do menial chores, but we do have a minimum requirement.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I haven’t been assigned any field work, so to me, it seems like my chores are my real job.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Not really. The management is just giving us those chores since we wouldn’t have much to do otherwise. Alright, it’s your turn.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Elt-san left the center of the training ground and stood in the shade of a tree. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">I’m in trouble.</span></i></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’m not that good at standard magic.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, give it a try. Even if you’re not good at it, can you do some short-range intermediate magic?”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">He spoke with a smile, but I felt uncomfortable.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">There are different types of magic, each classified by attribute: fire, water, wind, earth, light, darkness, void; effective range: short, medium, long; and mastery: elementary, intermediate, advanced, superior.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Among magicians, effective range is often more important than attribute, so most magicians focus on expanding their range.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">In general, medium-range magic goes several times farther than short-range, and most magicians are familiar with spells at these two distances. Court magicians, of course, are held to higher standards.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Finally, we have long-range magic.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Magic of this type travels extremely far, but its energy must be compressed to do so, and the power becomes weaker as a result. Furthermore, since accuracy becomes an issue at this range, the magician must maintain visual enhancement, a short-range intermediate spell.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The point is, magic is complex. There’s no limit to what you can do or learn.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…Ice Mist.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Unenthusiastically, I cast a water attribute short-range elementary spell. A light frost appeared at my feet and spread an unimpressive distance.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Elt-san sighed.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’re good at everything except basic magic, Raize.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’m bad at what I’m bad at. It can’t be helped.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I can’t believe that the range of your elementary magic is this short. With your magic, even novices wouldn’t be able to freeze anything in the royal palace, you know?”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I wouldn’t even if I could!”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Feigning offense, I stepped into the shade of a tree, stomping on the frozen ground.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">I wish I could say I was entirely joking. I’ve always been bad at most common spells… To be honest, it could be frustrating sometimes.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Elt-san may have sensed my displeasure, because he bought me tea on the way back to my office.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">There is a bizarre sight in the royal capital that can’t be seen anywhere else.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Mirrors of various sizes, large and small, are installed on the roofs of buildings in the royal capital.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">They were originally questioned by citizens, but the royal palace described them as aids for slaying monsters outside the city, and soon people more or less forgot about them.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Of course, there were questions about how exactly it helped… but the results were clear, so no one opposed it directly.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">It was the morning after my training session with Elt-san.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The sun had not yet risen, but I was on my way to the annex of the royal palace. The sound of my footsteps echoed throughout the deserted building.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was shivering. Magicians don’t normally use magic to control air temperature, so I had goosebumps all over.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The interior of the building was illuminated with light magic, and I could see my breath turn white when I exhaled. The temperature was almost certainly below freezing.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why do I have to do this…”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">I muttered to myself as I climbed the stairs.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">There was a reason why I was here so early in the morning.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">It was part of my job as a court magician.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Early every morning, I had to perform a certain task on the roof of the annex. This was the tallest location in the city, and you could see far beyond the capital borders. The view was amazing.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">But of course, my job wasn’t to look at the scenery every day. It was simple but troublesome.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">After climbing all the stairs, I opened the door to the roof. The air that blew in added a wind chill factor to the already cold weather. Although the actual temperature may not change, the presence of wind can drastically alter how cold a person feels.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’ll wrap it up quickly and go back to sleep.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Yawning, I moved to the edge of the roof. I drew my rapier from its scabbard on my waist, and the scraping of metal let out a high-pitched metallic noise. The iron blade shone blue.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Let’s see… anyone out there?”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Short-Range Intermediate Magic—Visual Enhancement.</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400"> </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The spell focused my vision and allowed me to see much farther than I could normally. A person reading a newspaper near the cafe. An old man sweeping the entrance. And even farther away—a dozen or so monsters approaching from the forest outside the capital.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">These kinds of monsters were ferocious and had an appetite that left nothing of their prey. They were different from common creatures and had magical stones embedded in their bodies.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Above all, they were strong. If an ordinary person with no magical ability were to encounter them, he or she would almost certainly die. They attacked humans indiscriminately. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The moment you discover one of them, run away immediately. If you’re slow, you’re done for. But the longer you have to run, the more beasts begin to chase after you, and escape becomes exponentially more difficult.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">As a safety measure, court magicians would regularly go out to subdue them.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">That is, before I became a court magician.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“~~~ ♪”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">While humming a song, I channeled magical power into my blade. The rapier crackled with electric energy, and I flicked it.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“—Blue Lightning.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The lightning in my rapier manifested into a dozen spears and flew across the city. They ricocheted off the mirrors countless times before striking the monsters I had my eye on. Each one, penetrated by a spear of lightning, collapsed on the ground, spouting purple blood and convulsing violently.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The mirrors could retain magical power and had a special ability to reflect magic.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">This was my job every morning.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">From the roof of the annex, I could view the outskirts of the royal capital and slay the monsters I saw. Since I took on this role, court magicians no longer had to subdue monsters early in the morning… I was the only one having a hard time. At least I was paid accordingly, but the job reduced my sleeping hours and always left me unbearably tired.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">So, in order to secure a second round of sleep—</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Let’s finish this quickly.”</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">About half an hour later, I hummed as I finished off the last of them.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">It’s not that I was slacking off during training the other day. I really am bad at most kinds of magic.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Most, other than a certain kind—by which I mean ultra-long-range magic. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left">
</p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Of all attributes and all classes.</span></p>
</div>