<h1>Chapter 5: In Which I Am Forced Into Being An Errand Boy</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">After finishing my morning duties, I lay on the sofa in my office, giving myself up to fatigue. The soft, white sofa was so comfortable that I could doze off easily. Not that I minded. I could lay here all day, if I wanted to—I already finished today’s work the other day.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">As I stared at the ceiling, drowsiness began to cloud my thoughts. Sleeping like this is a privilege granted only to those who wake up early to work. I felt terrible while waking up, but at this moment I was glad I got up early.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In just a few seconds, I would be transported to Dreamland. The trip there was my greatest guilty pleasure. I was lying on what felt like a bed of clouds.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">As my mind wandered, my consciousness gradually began to fade…</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“—Raize.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My fading consciousness was suddenly jolted back into existence.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I clicked my tongue, not bothering to hide my displeasure, and gazed at the open door. Who was it? Who could be so audacious as to interrupt my precious morning nap? </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">I was so, so close…</span></i></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I had a mild urge to send a thunder spear flying into the brain of whoever had opened the door. Of course, it was just an urge.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I scratched my head and sat up.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Standing in front of the door was a woman with golden hair that seemed to shimmer in the light. She shook her hair, which had a single lock dyed green, and turned her emerald eyes towards me. She was breathing heavily. So the perpetrator was—</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Arina-san…”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I rubbed my eyelids lazily and sighed her name.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She was a senior in my department.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In fact, she was the epitome of a nagging senior. She had a lazy atmosphere about her and always treated me like a child. From what I’ve heard, she was frightening when angry, but I had never actually been on the receiving end of her wrath. Conversely, she doted heavily on people when she was in a good mood. </span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I scowled at Arina-san, who was currently the object of my annoyance.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…What’s this all of a sudden? I was just about to take a nap.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Sorry, but I can’t let you sleep right now.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What do you mean?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In my drowsy mental state, I was struggling to understand the situation. Only something extremely alarming would cause Arina-san to be this impatient… </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">No way—!</span></i></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“A demon beast appeared—”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“The royal coffee shop Cherry has a new cake on sale! And the stock is limited!”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In my haste and confusion, I almost slipped off my sofa.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What? Cherry? Cake? You want to eat cherry cake?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“No. I want to eat the new marron cake that Cafe Cherry is releasing today!”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I still couldn’t quite understand. Why was she so desperate for cake?</span><i><span style="font-weight: 400"> Is the new cake that amazing? Was my nap interrupted for this? What a waste of time…</span></i></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">While I was assembling my thoughts, Arina-san suddenly approached me and grabbed me by the neck.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Guh…”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“This is an order. Can you go and buy it right now?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“If it’s an order, you don’t have to kill me… do you? Don’t grab my neck… it’s supposed to be the shoulders—”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Sorry.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">When I choked out those words, Arina-san immediately released me. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">I thought I was actually going to die…</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400"> Honestly, I wanted to escape right now. But I’ve never been able to escape from her.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“And… Why do you need me?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“To go get it.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Can’t you do that by yourself?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I have an errand to run at the orphanage today. I had no choice but to ask someone else. Someone who finishes his work early, is younger than me, and seems easy to handle.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why do you have to go to the orphanage? And wow, that list is pretty specific…”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I stared at her inquisitively, but she didn’t respond.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">To this woman, maybe I was no more than a gofer. Well, as a junior in the department, I felt obligated to listen to the demands of my seniors. In fact, I respected them enough to do so.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Well, whatever. Being her errand boy was fine with me, considering I had the time. I could go around the royal capital while I was at it. I still felt sleepy, but that problem would fix itself after a short walk.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Sure, I can do that. Was it a marron cake?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Yes, buy five of them.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You can eat that much!?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">How could five cakes fit in such a thin body? I’d be full after just one.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She shook her head.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Five will be enough for everyone.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…Arina-san.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I relaxed my face.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Usually, she looked tired and indifferent, but at heart she was a genuinely thoughtful person.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Having tea with everyone in the department sounded like a good idea to me. But I’d have to hurry up to get there before the cakes sold out.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Thanks for thinking about us.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Mmm. Right, this should cover it.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I took the money Arina-san offered me and put it in my wallet. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">That’s quite a bit of cash… is the cake that expensive?</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400"> Well, it didn’t matter to me. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">It’s not my money, after all.</span></i></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“By the way, would you have gone if I hadn’t agreed?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Probably not.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Then what would you have done?”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I’d give you a hard time until you agree.”</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She spoke with a straight face.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I take back what I said.</span></p>

<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She isn’t kind to me at all. If anything, she enjoys harassing me. It’s terrible.</span></p>
</div>