<h1>Chapter 8: A Bout Of Morning Grief</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Being a court magician is usually a job to be applied for after graduating from the Royal Grantina Magic Academy, located in the western part of the royal capital. The acceptance rate is extraordinarily low; maybe one in a hundred. Of course, as consolation, those who fail can usually take an examination to become royal palace officials. The working conditions are above average, and the salary is incomparable to that of most other jobs. Of course, the salary of a court magician is even greater.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The majority of court magicians have taken this standard route to where they are today, but this is not the only way. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">There is a so-called secret route to becoming a court magician.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In fact, there are multiple, requiring either the recommendation of several current court magicians or a demonstrable ability to perform outstanding feats of powerful magic.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In my case, I was the third kind—I was scouted by the director of the current department for being able to use such outstanding and powerful magic, and became a court magician.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">…I say scouted, but it was borderline kidnapping.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Anyways, I’m sorry to those who obtained this job through normal means, but I didn’t take the court magician’s exam, and in fact I didn’t even graduate from the Academy. Frankly speaking, I still can’t believe I’m a court magician.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Until a few months ago, I was hunting demons and selling goods outside the city, and a job like this was inconceivable to me. At the time, my pay was about half of what it is now. With this level of income, I can send a considerable amount of money to my sister. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I have my master to thank for helping me practice my magic. I hope he’s doing well. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The department to which I was assigned is notably special. The faculty is small, and every member is an outstanding magician.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The crux of the matter is this: when I became a court magician, I was forced by the management to undergo a magical operation.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I didn’t know what it meant at first, but after the events of yesterday and today, I understand a little more now.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Roused by the sunlight streaming through my window, I slowly opened my eyes and sat up in my bed. After parting with the princess yesterday, I had returned to my boarding house near the royal palace.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I was never a morning person to begin with, but today was particularly unpleasant.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">My body felt sluggish, and my vision went in and out of focus. I was nauseous, and the scars from my operation months ago were burning intensely.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Most of all, I couldn’t quite place the feeling that I had lost something important to me. All that I knew was an uncertain sorrow that gripped my heart.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…Mana deficiency, I guess.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Some of these symptoms suggested a dangerously low level of mana in my body. It wasn’t life-threatening, but mana deficiency is a serious affliction for magicians who fight using magic.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Exerting no small amount of effort, I lifted my body out of bed and shuffled into the washroom. After filling the sink with water and splashing my face, I looked at myself in the mirror with newfound clarity.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I almost didn’t recognize the weary face staring back at me. My skin is usually on the lighter end, but right now I was abnormally pale. Meanwhile, dark circles were prominent under my eyes. I thought I’d slept well, but an observer might assume I had pulled three all-nighters in a row.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…Should I go to work?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I reached for a towel hanging from the wall to dry my face. After some deliberation, I changed into my uniform.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Before leaving my room, I noticed the scars on my neck glowing faintly before disappearing.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I see. Is this your first time experiencing it, Raize?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arina-san and Elt-san were sitting opposite me, on a sofa in my office with tea in their hands. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That’s tough.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It is. My heart hurts like crazy. I seriously wanted to die at first.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That being said, you look like you’re struggling to pretend like it’s nothing.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Trying to act tough wouldn’t work, I guess. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Let’s change the subject.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why are you both just having tea in my office? Well, I guess it’s my fault for serving it. Neither of you have finished your work yet, I’m guessing?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You idiot, I don’t have to work. It’s against my moral code to do anything that seems bothersome.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What a way to put it… What about you, Arina-san?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’ll end up doing it for me anyways, right?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“No way. Take care of it on your own.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I sighed. To think that they were both older than I was…</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, in any case—”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You’ll do it?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I won’t! I still want to know why you’re here.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Hey, that’s not how you should speak to your seniors. We came out of worry and the goodness of our own hearts.” </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Elt-san chuckled. I wasn’t as amused.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What, you’re worried?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Don’t be so cynical. Your mental state isn’t great, you feel a sense of loss, and your eyes sometimes go out of focus. You haven’t done anything to bring your mana levels down this much, so instead I’m guessing that </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">it</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400"> caused some sort of forced memory purification.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…Why are you never this sharp when you need to be?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">He was clearly contemplating the situation. This was unlike the Elt-san I knew: unscrupulous and a terrible senior.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I felt transparent, but his logic was sound. In fact, having someone to discuss this with made me feel better.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Could it be the Pledge Geass? It manifests when certain conditions are met.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Seems like it. The contract forced upon us is [I don’t remember the name of the royal family]. If you did learn the name, the magic would forcibly erase that memory in your sleep using your own mana.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why is this even a thing?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You don’t know, Raize?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I don’t.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Elt-san cleared his throat and began talking.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“During the ancient war, there was a powerful magician in the kingdom. He fought in the front lines, was honored with numerous medals, and contributed greatly to our eventual victory. But when he returned, he was captured by the king under false accusations and sentenced to be burned at the stake. During the execution, he screamed and cursed the king’s name as he died.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Sounds like a fairy tale’s tragic ending.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“But that wasn’t the end. After the magician died, the king was afflicted with great pain for seven days and seven nights. In the end, he went mad and slit his throat with a dagger.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“So based on that tradition, do you mean these pledges…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“This pledge is forcibly established upon anybody with exceptional magical power who wishes to enter the royal capital.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I sipped my tea, hoping it would calm me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“These people aren’t treated like humans. By these people, I mean us.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That’s right. The management doesn’t see us as humans or even magicians. We’re… no more than weapons to them.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In a lapse of strength, I sank lower on the sofa.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Now that I thought about it, I didn’t remember the name of Her Royal Highness, which I had learned just yesterday. Did she know about this? Was she so cruel as to ask me to call her by her name, knowing what would come about afterwards?</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">An inkling of regret wormed its way into my heart. I had no complaints about my job itself. Certainly, being a court magician meant that I was treated well. </span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">But… we’re not weapons. I have emotions. I have character. I have a will of my own. Just like any other human being.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The idea was demoralizing. Maybe I had made the wrong choice back then. </span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Ah… I want to run away. I don’t want to work.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arina-san, who was sitting silently in front of me, suddenly stood up and moved to my side.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Arina-san?” </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She didn’t respond to my calling her name. Instead, she wrapped her arms around my slender body. My head rested on something extraordinarily soft.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“There’s nothing to worry about. Not knowing the name of the royal family won’t hurt you.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Um…”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“And just so you know, this is something that only the king knows among the royal family. The princess probably isn’t aware. Even the aristocrats who know the story aren’t allowed to discuss it. “</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“And somehow you found out?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Well, I have my ways.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Arina-san spoke with confidence, stroking my head. </span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">That’s great and all, but I’d like you to release me before acting all proud. Please, I’m embarrassed about the position I’m in right now.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Raize, you’re still just a kid.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Do you want me to kill you from close range? Please go and finish your work.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I did have to admit, however, that talking to the two of them helped my emotions settle down. Companionship truly is wonderful. </span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Also, please let go. Why is this hug starting to feel painful? My bones are creaking!</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“You know, you’re surprisingly comfortable to hold.”</span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">This is anything but comfortable! Is this how I die!?</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I struggled for another minute, miraculously surviving long enough for her to release me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I might have developed a new phobia today.</span></p>
</div>