<h1>Chapter 9: Changes In the forest</h1>

<div class="text-left">
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">For my own good, I have to stay away from Her Highness.</span></i></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">That was the resolution I made after forgetting her name once. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">To that end, I wasted no time returning to my office after my morning duties. I avoided the courtyard during my breaks. In my desperation, I even activated </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Short-Range Advanced Magic</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400">─</span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Invisibility </span></i><span style="font-weight: 400">whenever I had to walk inside the royal palace.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I moved while considering as many possibilities as I could. Since my mana levels are considerably higher than average, I didn’t have to worry about running out. The only real danger to my mana was the pledge activating itself again.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Ultimately, it paid off: although I saw Her Highness several times from afar, nothing came of it.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Furthermore, she no longer stared at me randomly. Rather, she looked kind of lonely… Seeing her in that state made me feel apologetic. But I couldn’t afford to risk depleting my mana and losing my ability to fight in an emergency.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">As long as I was bound by the pledge, avoiding the royal family was in my best interest. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…It hurts.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">But ignoring her like this… My chest ached uncomfortably. I had never tried to avoid anyone before.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Milena-san giggled when she saw me brooding over my problems.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why are you laughing?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Sorry. That’s quite a gloomy face you’re wearing. It’s a new sight to see.” </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Milena-san put a hand to her mouth and picked up a pile of documents on the desk in the lounge.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What I mean is, all of the people in this department are outstanding magicians, right? Maybe it’s because they’re talented, but there are a lot of impulsive kids here. Compared to them, you’re surprisingly in touch with your emotions, Raize.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Isn’t this normal? Avoiding people isn’t exactly enjoyable.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I didn’t think I was especially good-natured or anything, but I generally tried not to offend or hurt others.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">A subtle expression flickered over Milena-san’s face.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“No, you’re kind and humble. But in my opinion, there’s something else going on here.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What is it?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s best if you find out for yourself… although I’m not sure if you will.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Huh?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Milena-san ignored my questioning look and handed me the documents. The thick pile of papers was tied together with string to prevent it from falling apart.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What’s this?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s from yesterday’s executive meeting. As you may know, the number of demons in the outskirts of the royal capital has increased considerably.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“I had a feeling.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Every time I was on the roof of the annex, targeting the demons outside the capital borders, I suspected that my job was taking longer than before. </span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Maybe I can get a raise if I petition.</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400"> I made a mental note to ask later. I couldn’t have my workload increasing this much without any sort of compensation.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“So what do you want me to do?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s simple. I want you to go with Arina to investigate the outskirts in person. If you figure out what’s going on, you can move at your own discretion.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Hold on, isn’t this a job for the Kingdom Knights?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“We want someone more powerful to go.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I frowned. I had a lot of questions, but I couldn’t complain. I didn’t have the right nor the achievements to doubt the decisions of my seniors. Nevertheless, there were many things I would rather do than spend my evening in the forest.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“But is it really fine to send me? I’m a fish out of water in short-range battles.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That’s not true, I know you can still fight at close range to some extent. But if you’re worried, just let Arina guard you. You can focus on the demons you detect in advance.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…All right, then. I’ll head out tonight.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Why tonight?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">She probably expected me to go while it was still light out. And in fact I would, if I were alone. But I’m working with Arina-san here.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“She always naps during the day, so she’s more active when it’s dark. It’s pretty clear that she’s stronger, too, based on the mock battles.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Oh, that girl’s a night owl… but are you okay with that? Aren’t demons also more active at night?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“It’s fine. I get stronger too. I’ll finish them all.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…Sounds good.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Milena-san smiled wryly.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I still didn’t know how to interpret the look on her face.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">***</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“There certainly are a lot of them.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That’s why we’re looking into it. I didn’t expect this many of them.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The sun was setting, and Arina-san and I were investigating the forest bordering the royal capital. The surrounding trees fostered a dense, eerie atmosphere. When the wind blew, the thick foliage rustled noisily. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">In a brief moment of respite, I looked around and poked at a demon corpse lying at my feet with a branch.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Quantity aside, I don’t notice anything strange yet. They’re the same as the ones I shoot from the palace.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Still, this number is surprising. It’s been less than an hour since we entered the forest, and we’ve killed at least a hundred.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“At least we’ll be recovering plenty of magical stones.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Usually, you would see maybe ten in an hour, even at night. But we had encountered ten times that. No matter how you looked at it, this was abnormal. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">—Almost as abnormal as the speed at which Arina-san took care of them. With just a snap of her fingers, a mountain of demons would be pulled underground, never to return.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“That’s an amazing spell.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“Of course. It’s strong, and it’s also possession magic, so only I can use it.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">With pride, Arina-san tapped her toes against the ground. A nearby tree immediately began to decay, and the sound of its collapse echoed through the woods.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">Possession magic is magic that only a particular individual can use. It monopolizes the invocation formula. Compared to universal or general-purpose magic, possession magic is far more powerful. There are very few magicians on this continent capable of using it, and they’re heavily sought after.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“</span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Earth Attribute Mid-Range Superior Magic—Earth Interference</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400">. There has to be a limit, right? You’re literally manipulating the earth itself and everything connected to it.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“This is the power of possession magic. Wouldn’t it be bad if anyone else could use this spell?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“If you’re ever after me, I’ll be sure to surrender quickly.”</span></p>
<p><i><span style="font-weight: 400">I can’t possibly win. </span></i><span style="font-weight: 400">To begin with, I wasn’t a close-range fighter.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">They say that beautiful roses have thorns. Well, Arina-san was certainly beautiful, and she’d be a real thorn in the side in a fight—Oh.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“What’s wrong?”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“There are five demons about four hundred meters away. You’ve been doing most of the work so far, so let me take care of them.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I drew my rapier and pointed it straight ahead. At this distance, I didn’t even need visual enhancement. Needles of lightning, each about the size of an index finger, manifested in the air around me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“</span><i><span style="font-weight: 400">Thunder Needle of Death</span></i><span style="font-weight: 400">.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">They shot in the direction I was pointing faster than eyes could follow. The needles struck their target, the magic stones at the heart of each demon. Bullseye.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“They’re dead. I don’t see any others around, so let’s move on. I’d like to return before midnight.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I led the way ahead of Arina-san.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">“…You’re dreadful too, you know? If it came down to a fight, I think I’d be beaten before I could even get close.”</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">I heard her mutter something behind me, but I couldn’t hear it over the rustling of the trees.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">With my rapier sheathed, we forged deeper into the dark forest.</span></p>
</div>