<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title></title><link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" /></head><body>
  
  <h2 class="c0">Epilogue: The Plot of Her Highness’ Failed Kidnapping</h2>

<p class="c0"><span>The
 plot aimed at and carried out on the once a year festival day called 
the Founding Festival was resolved behind the scenes with the Royal 
Annihilation Force playing a leading role through the great efforts of 
its magicians.</span><span class="c2"> </span></p><p class="c0"><span>Because
 of the efforts of the Royal Chivalric Order, the corpses wearing 
imperial guard uniforms left downtown, part of the houses during the 
battle that were destroyed and so forth were recovered without making 
the situation public. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Of course, “with this everything was resolved” is not what I’m saying. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">The
 identity of the mastermind who killed imperial guard members and turned
 them into zombie soldiers, and a detailed explanation of the magical 
formula engraved on those troops and magical beasts’ hearts were needed.
 </span></p><p class="c0"><span>And above all else, the mystery of the person Arsenas called master.</span><span class="c2"> From
 this incident, it became necessary to confirm the existence of those 
who resented the kingdom and work out immediate countermeasures.</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">The
 Imperial Court Magicians from here on would resolve the fundamentals of
 the event in addition to improve their abilities and so forth, with 
every day becoming busy without breaks.</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span>一For
 now, the plot did not become public, the royal family’s speech finished
 successfully, and the Founding Festival came to an end. </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Then several days later──</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">◇</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">A certain day’s early afternoon. </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Elt-san
 and I sat side by side on a bench placed in the royal palace’s garden 
and talked about the matter of the Founding Festival from a few days 
ago.</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span>“By the way, how did you defeat </span><span class="c6">the vice captain of the imperial guards?”</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“I survived. More or less.” </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“More or less? What does that mean?”</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span>I shrugged in response to Elt-san raising his eyebrows in a puzzled way.</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span>“I
 say more or less, but that doesn’t mean him becoming a human in a 
vegetative state. Milena-san used some kind of magic to break the magic 
on him. The detailed effects will be studied later, from what I know. He
 hasn’t come to his senses yet.”</span><span> </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“Even if the magic was broken, he made your body full of holes, right? You survived well.”</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“I
 was originally aiming to avoid hits to the vitals.  Moreover, with
 the addition of Milena’s special healing magic, I thought he’d come to 
his senses without any obstacles.”</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“No,
 it was better if it was hitting by reflecting, but adjusting the line 
of fire to avoid hits to the vitals……what skill. There are a lot of 
problems with the angles of reflection and so on……”</span></p><p class="c0"><span>“As for that, look, I’m a sniper.” </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“That’s not the reason why!” </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">I felt a light impact on my forehead. A sudden finger flick to the forehead hurts……</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">I filled my mouth with a sandwich in one go, chewed, swallowed, and leaned against the back of the chair</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“There are still problems remaining, but I think we’ve reached a point where we can rest.” </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“No, I think there are still problems remaining.” </span></p><p class="c0"><span>“? What is──</span><span class="c3">ah</span><span class="c2">”</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span>Elt-san turned towards a direction──when he turned his gaze towards the fountain built in the center, he showed a vague smile. </span><span class="c5">(TL: It is unclear whether this second part is referring to Elt or MC)</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">I see. There was still one large problem remaining.</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“Did you mess up somehow?” </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“I didn’t do anything like that……probably.” </span></p><p class="c0"><span>“</span><span>Then why──does Her Highness always stare at you</span><span class="c2">……”</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">In
 my line of sight──in the shadow of the water fountain, Her Highness was
 hiding and staring in my direction──Rishena-sama had come. When the 
sun’s light shined, her beautiful silver hair glittered brilliantly. She
 was beautiful as always. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span>“……Since
 the guard incident from before, you’ve been hiding in the shadows and 
watching me like that almost every day, haven’t you? What is it? Go 
there and say it like I did. </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“Even if I asked that……”</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“It’s obvious that she’s watching, so why don’t you go and ask her directly?”</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“No, I couldn’t do that without having no important matters to start a conversation……”</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">I
 had an escort mission before, so I was able to talk to her, but now 
there are no circumstances like that. We have returned to the position 
of being a princess and commoner magician. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">To be honest, there are things I want to talk about that would be nice. </span></p><p class="c0"><span>Or
 rather, there is one important matter──at that time, what did she 
mutter? And also, the sparkle in her eyes. I guessed that was probably 
the reason my Geas was released, but since Her Highness forbid me from 
asking that question, I couldn’t help but obey. But I really want to get
 that information out of her badly. </span><span class="c5">(TL: As a 
reminder, the Geas is the oath that makes these destructive magicians 
forget the names of the royal family, I will be calling it that from now
 on)</span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Ah, our eyes met. I smiled and bowed lightly. </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">She returned the bow with a smile, even though her face turned red slightly.</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">……I
 wonder what it is. It seems like the tiredness in my mind is being 
healed. A pleasant feeling that purified my daily mental fatigue all at 
once. To say the least, it’s an incredibly beautiful angelic smile. 
Thank you. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">And while I was being healed alone, Rishena-sama ran away at full speed like before. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c4"><span>“……Well, living your youth is the most important thing.” </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“What do you mean?” </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">“You’ll understand soon.” </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Saying
 that, Elt-san finished his lunch and left. I didn’t know the meaning of
 his sigh before leaving, but even if I asked, he’d just dodge the 
question, so I didn’t ask. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Anyway, the last remaining problem……well, I generally guessed what it was. It was the scene from earlier. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">──Recently, I’ve been concerned about the princess staring at me. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">Will a time when this problem is resolved come? </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">While thinking about this doubt, I finished eating the sandwich. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p>


<h2 class="c0">Afterword</h2>

<p class="c0"><span class="c2">With this, section one is now complete. </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">To everyone who read, I truly thank you very much. </span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">I’m still inexperienced, so I think there were a lot of poor-quality parts. I apologize for that. </span></p><p class="c0 c1"><span class="c2"></span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c2">I’m thinking about the story from section two on, so I’m going to stop updating daily temporarily.   Sorry. </span></p></body></html>